README.md, before:

## Haze (Work in Progress)
### About
Given an arbitrary number of WireGuard hosts, Haze generates (rather, *will* generate) the wg0.conf files needed for a full mesh topology. Each host is assigned a private address from the desired subnet, a keypair, and is made aware of peers' addresses and public keys. Additionally, for each pair of peers, Haze generates and assigns a unique preshared key.

### Example Four-Node Topology
![Four-node topology](/resources/haze_1.png)

### To-do
- Tidy up and pay off debt accrued while battling the borrow checker
- Expand on the tests for existing functions 
- Add option to randomize ports for hosts
- Add option to exlude specific private IPs within the private subnet
- Finish generating the fully-formed wg0.confs (currently prints the information to stdout)
- Add option to encrypt the config files with a password
    - I'm thinking AES-256/PBKDF2-SHA3-512 (500K iterations)
    - Instead of encrypted_blob.txt, output a Python script with the ciphertext inline as a variable. Use python/cryptography to read in the ciphertext, salt, and encryption parameters. Then request a user password, derive the key, and decrypt directly to /etc/wg0.conf.
- Look at zeroize for clearing the following on exit:
    - Preshared keys
    - Public and private keys
    - Symmetric encryption keys (for AES-256) and salt
    - User password input
- Add option to generate all the scp commands needed to transport configs to each server

### Expected functionality
```
user@workstation:~$ haze --external-ips=20.20.20.20,21.21.21.21,22.22.22.22 --port 51000 --subnet 10.0.0.0/24 --encrypt
Please enter password: ************************
Configurations generated: wg2020202020.py, wg21212121.1.py, wg2222222222.py

user@workstation:~$ scp wg2020202020.py remote_user@20.20.20.20:/home/remote_user/configs/
user@workstation:~$ ssh remote_user@20.20.20.20

remote_user@20.20.20.20:~$ sudo ./configs/wg20202020.py
Please enter password: ************************
Configuration extracted to /etc/wireguard/wg0.conf
```
### A Note on Security
I'm not a professional. Can't make any guarantees.

Commit message:

Added some enums for errors, and encapsulated PSK and private keys in secrecy wrapper

README.md, after:

## Haze (Work in Progress)
### About
Given an arbitrary number of WireGuard hosts, Haze generates (rather, *will* generate) the wg0.conf files needed for a full mesh topology. Each host is assigned a private address from the desired subnet, a keypair, and is made aware of peers' addresses and public keys. Additionally, for each pair of peers, Haze generates and assigns a unique preshared key.

#### Uses:
- [x25519_dalek](https://docs.rs/x25519-dalek/0.6.0/x25519_dalek/) to generate keypairs
- [OsRng](https://docs.rs/rand/0.7.3/rand/rngs/struct.OsRng.html) to generate preshared keys
- The [secrecy](https://docs.rs/secrecy/0.6.0/secrecy/index.html) crate to handle secrets
- [Clap](https://docs.rs/clap/2.33.0/clap/) to parse command line arguments

### Example Four-Node Topology
![Four-node topology](/resources/haze_1.png)

### To-do
- Tidy up and pay off debt accrued while battling the borrow checker
- Expand on the tests for existing functions 
- Add option to randomize ports for hosts
- Add option to exlude specific private IPs within the private subnet
- Finish generating the fully-formed wg0.confs (currently prints the information to stdout)
- Add option to encrypt the config files with a password
    - I'm thinking AES-256/PBKDF2-SHA3-512 (500K iterations)
    - Instead of encrypted_blob.txt, output a Python script with the ciphertext inline as a variable. Use python/cryptography to read in the ciphertext, salt, and encryption parameters. Then request a user password, derive the key, and decrypt directly to /etc/wg0.conf.
- Add option to generate all the scp commands needed to transport configs to each server

### Expected functionality
```
user@workstation:~$ haze --external-ips=20.20.20.20,21.21.21.21,22.22.22.22 --port 51000 --subnet 10.0.0.0/24 --encrypt
Please enter password: ************************
Configurations generated: wg2020202020.py, wg21212121.1.py, wg2222222222.py

user@workstation:~$ scp wg2020202020.py remote_user@20.20.20.20:/home/remote_user/configs/
user@workstation:~$ ssh remote_user@20.20.20.20

remote_user@20.20.20.20:~$ sudo ./configs/wg20202020.py
Please enter password: ************************
Configuration extracted to /etc/wireguard/wg0.conf
```
### A Note on Security
I'm not a professional. Can't make any guarantees.
